{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\

\b Official version history
\b0 \
\ul 0.3\ulnone \
Major and gameplay changes:\
- New, beautiful high resolution icons by Rodger Bridges!\
- The game is now faster (the rendering engine was rewritten with OpenGL)\
- Variable board size - play on everything from a 2x2 to a 10x12 board.\
- The AI was upgraded in 0.2.1, but this wasn't mentioned in the change log.\
- Squares that are about to explode vibrate\
\
Minor changes:\
- If the game is over, and the board size is changed, the game is restarted\
- Shuffle now also restarts the game (so you can choose whether to play against AI)\
- The tile under the finger is highlighted\
\
Known issues:\
- The biggest performance bottleneck right now is the sound engine. It'll be rewritten for a future release, but for a smoother experience right away, turn sound off in the settings.\
\
\ul \
0.2.1\ulnone \
Added an alert that will ask you if it's okay to collect usage statistics with Pinch Analytics, together with detailed information about what and how information is collected. This information is also available online at http://thirdcog.eu/overload/analytics/ .\
\
Note that this alert will be shown on your second run of the game, as to not disturb the first run experience. The first run does not collect any information.\
\
Thanks to off_center for raising this issue.\ul \
\
0.2\ulnone \
Note that this new version requires iPhone OS 2.2.\
\
- Play against your iPhone! When you start a new game, tap the green bar to wake your iPhone's inner Overload master.\
- New game board! No more figuring out which shade of red your tile is - icons will show you which charge level each tile is at.\
\
- Overload now collects usage statistics with Pinch Analytics. This information collection is completely anonymous.\
- New sound engine will hopefully sound better. \
- Fixed a bug where new game/shuffle game sometimes wouldn't take}